v5.2.3 (#30079)
mui-org/material-ui: CHANGELOG.md

### [Versions](https://mui.com/versions/)

## 5.2.3

<!-- generated comparing v5.2.2..master -->

_Dec 6, 2021_

A big thanks to the 24 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

> - ✨ We have introduced a new unstyled component: the TablePagination (#29759) @mnajdova

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ✨ We have introduced a new unstyled component in `@mui/base`: `TablePagination` (#29759) @mnajdova
```

  <a href="https://mui.com/components/tables/#unstyled-table"><img width="800" alt="unstyled table" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4512430/144862194-584356ef-7d9d-462c-a631-186a7e716193.png"></a>

>   You can follow our progress at https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/27170.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can follow our progress with unstyled components at https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/27170.
```

### `@mui/system@5.2.3`

- &#8203;<!-- 06 -->[system] Fix return type of `createBox` (#29989) @mnajdova
- &#8203;<!-- 05 -->[system] Support boolean values in typescript for the `sx` prop when used as array (#29911) @tasugi

### `@mui/utils@5.2.3`

- &#8203;<!-- 03 -->[utils] Add typings for `@mui-material/styles/cssUtils` (#29621) @Semigradsky

### `@mui/icons-material@5.2.1`

- &#8203;<!-- 12 -->[icons] Consolidate ignored icons into one list (#29843) @chao813

### `@mui/base@5.0.0-alpha.59`

- &#8203;<!-- 30 -->[base] Fix missing ClickAwayListener barrel index export (#30000) @oliviertassinari
- &#8203;<!-- 04 -->[TablePaginationUnstyled] Introduce new component (#29759) @mnajdova

### `@mui/lab@5.0.0-alpha.59`

- &#8203;<!-- 27 -->[DateRangePicker] Fix `DateRangePickerDayProps` interface (#29067) @jonathanrtuck
- &#8203;<!-- 10 -->[Pickers] Remove propagation of custom props to the `MonthPicker` component's DOM element (#30021) @ZeeshanTamboli
- &#8203;<!-- 08 -->[StaticDatePicker] Add className and slot to PickerStaticWrapper (#29619) @kkorach

### `@mui/joy@5.0.0-alpha.5`

- &#8203;<!-- 11 -->[Joy] Theme setup (#29846) @siriwatknp

### Docs

> - &#8203;<!-- 34 --> [docs] Fix link in TypeScript doc page (#30044) @genzyy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- &#8203;<!-- 34 -->[docs] Fix link in TypeScript doc page (#30044) @genzyy
```
